BNY MELLON | Lead Full Stack Developer | Feb 2023 – Present

Developed full-stack features  for an Administrative Portal used Angular, Spring Boot, REST APIs, MongoDB, Azure Blob, and Akamai CDN, delivering key functionalities, played key role in opening this to client users, delivered client committed features of production-grade solutions on time.
Streamlined GitLab CI/CD release pipeline by moving from legacy to company’s standardized template for efficient deployments.
Ensured high code quality with SonarQube, minimizing code smells and achieving 80%+ test coverage.
Collaborated with PO, UX, and dependent teams on requirement gathering, design discussions and product grooming.


AMDOCS | Software Developer | Oct 2021 – Feb 2023
Engineered an order decomposition feature to create sub-orders, validate details from other sources, and pass to downstream for fulfillment. This approach minimized order failures, reduced load on downstream systems, and improved the modularity of the order processing.
Developed a service featuring multiple REST endpoints, facilitating interaction between an external Telecom client and the infrastructure configuration service.
Provided necessary support in Production release preparations and Production release deployments from Development Team perspective.


BNY MELLON | Senior Application Developer | May 2020 – Oct 2021
Developed various Angular components to create, view, and edit trade proposals, holdings, and asset details, significantly enhancing key features of the Middle Office Users’ Portal.
Developed a reporting service that leverages Apache Kafka to stream data into a centralized Enterprise Data Lake, providing real-time data access to various services for the External clients.



AMDOCS | Software Developer | Jan 2019 – Apr 2020
Engineered a solution for the OMS (Amdocs proprietary software) to create custom service combination orders (TV, Broadband, Landline) expanding catalog flexibility, and developed schedulable services to process 10000+ orders from Excel handling high-volume order.

TECH MAHINDRA | Software Engineer | Oct 2016 – Dec 2018
Developed a utility tool that processes a list of order IDs and generates an Excel report with consolidated order statuses, aiding migration efforts by tracking orders and managing discrepancies.
Automated an application health monitoring script to alert the production support team of service outages, reducing downtime.
Created utility tool to process order IDs and generate an Excel report with consolidated order statuses, aiding migration efforts by tracking orders and managing discrepancies, and automated application health monitoring script to alert production support of outages, reducing downtime.


Solved 130+ algorithmic problems on LeetCode; actively practicing data structures and algorithms (3–4 sessions/week)


Kafka, Redis, System Design
